Death has been set back
But why did I end up dead?
How can I get back?
The girl is not from the world, is she?
director
I saw the girl's sad face
Since it can't be solved
Why don't you count the hexagrams?
If you grow melons, you will get melons.
If you grow beans, you must get beans.
Everything has a cause and effect
Everybody on the Internet.
Please also express
Cause follows effect.
Think about your cause
Is this all because I was drugged?
The murderer must be found
Could it be that
I'm not doing this play
Miss Gulaolao
You have to think clearly
Breaking the contract requires compensation.
I, Euler, never give anything to anyone
What's more, I haven't signed the contract for this play yet
Euler
Didn't you say
I am the best actor in your heart
Euler, you are my only heroine.
Why is my head so dizzy?
Euler Euler Euler
The murderer must be found
To get back into the real script